Documentation updates (#165)
JuliaGeometry/MeshIntegrals.jl: docs/src/tutorial.md

# Tutorial

## Installation

[**MeshIntegrals.jl**](https://github.com/JuliaGeometry/MeshIntegrals.jl) is
registered in the official Julia General registry, enabling it to be easily
installed using Julia on an internet-connected computer.
**MeshIntegrals.jl** should usually be installed in conjunction with
[**Meshes.jl**](https://github.com/JuliaGeometry/Meshes.jl) and
[**Unitful.jl**](https://github.com/PainterQubits/Unitful.jl) which provide
support for geometries and physical units, respectively.

> **MeshIntegrals.jl** can be installed while using Julia by entering `pkg` mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MeshIntegrals.jl** can be installed from the Julia REPL by entering `pkg` mode
```
While sounds to me as two processes happen at the same time.

with the `]` key and `add`ing it by name
```julia-repl
pkg> add MeshIntegrals
```

or by calling the built-in **Pkg.jl** library.
```julia
import Pkg
Pkg.add("MeshIntegrals")
```

## Basic Usage

> Usage of **MeshIntegrals** typically also involves using **Meshes** and **Unitful**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage of **MeshIntegrals.jl** typically also involves using **Meshes.jl** and **Unitful.jl**,
```
I'd argue the `.jl` is part of the name, so it should always be attached when referring to the package's name.

so all three packages will be used in this example.

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example tutorial
```
Maybe this is a good time to switch to an `@example`, such that the code is actually executed and one can see the output in the docs?

Author: I was thinking about this but wasn't sure the exact mechanics of `@example`, `jldoctest`, etc and (ironically) I find the documentation for them a bit lacking. Does `@example` print outputs per-block or once for every label at the last usage of that label?

Reviewer: Per block. See, e.g., https://joshualampert.github.io/KernelInterpolation.jl/stable/nodesets/.

Author: Nice example, thanks!

using Meshes
using MeshIntegrals
using Unitful
```

### Define a Geometry to Use as an Integration Domain

Here, representing the domain being integrated over, we will define a Bezier
curve whose path approximates a sine-wave on the xy-plane.

```julia
N = 361  # number of control points

> xs = range(-π, π, length=N)  # x will be bounded [-π, π] meters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xs = range(-π, π, length=N)  # x will be bounded in [-π, π] meters
```

curve = Meshes.BezierCurve([Point(x * u"m", sin(x) * u"m", 0.0u"m") for x in xs])
```

### Define an Integrand Function

Here, we will define an integrand function of the following form, where all
coordinates are defined in a physical space with meter units and the result is
a quantity in units of Ohms per meter.
```math
f(x, y, z) = \frac{1}{\sqrt{1 + \cos^2(x/\text{m})}} ~ \Omega/\text{m}
```

Integrand functions are expected to provide a method that takes a single
`Meshes.Point` argument, so this can be written in Julia as

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example tutorial
```
See above.

# Integrand function that outputs in units of Ohms/meter
function f(p::Meshes.Point)
    x, y, z = Meshes.to(p)
    return (1 / sqrt(1 + cos(x / u"m")^2)) * u"Ω/m"
end
```

Alternatively, this could be written in the user-friendly notation

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example tutorial
```

f(x, y, z) = (1 / sqrt(1 + cos(x / u"m")^2)) * u"Ω/m"
f(p::Meshes.Point) = f(Meshes.to(p)...)
```
where the required `f(Meshes.Point)` method simply maps to the method `f(x, y, z)`.

### Integrating

This function can be integrated using recommended defaults simply by calling

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example tutorial
```

integral(f, curve)  # -> Approximately 2π Ω
```

The alias function `lineintegral` works for this geometry since it has one
parametric dimension. However, the aliases `surfaceintegral` and `volumeintegral`
will throw an `ArgumentError` since the geometry is not a surface or volume.

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example tutorial
```

lineintegral(f, curve)  # -> Approximately 2π Ω

surfaceintegral(f, curve)  # -> throws ArgumentError

volumeintegral(f, curve)  # -> throws ArgumentError
```

An `IntegrationRule` with settings can also be manually specified. The following
example uses the adaptive Gauss-Kronrod method with a loosened absolute tolerance
setting of $10^{-4}~\Omega$, which speeds up integration by sacrificing some
accuracy.

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example tutorial
```

integral(f, curve, GaussKronrod(atol = 1e-4u"Ω")) # -> Approximately (2π ± 1e-4) Ω
```

The `integral` function and its aliases also support Julia's do-syntax, which
provides a code block to define a single-use anonymous function and then injects
it as a first argument to the preceding call. This can be useful if the integrand
function will not be used outside this integration call.

> ```julia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example tutorial
```
